All right, guys.
So we're going to go ahead and add our media queries now to make this responsive and look good.
And all of our media queries are going to go in our stylesheet.
Actually, we only have one.
We just want to have some styles for anything that's under 768 pixels.
So basically a tablet or less.
So let's go down here and we'll just say mobile and we want a media query.
So we want at media and I'm going to do a max width of 768 pixels.
So basically any time the screen is smaller than 768, these styles will kick in.
So let's start with the nav bar because right now we can see the links are going off the screen.
So remember, it's it's a flex row.
So what I'll do is I'll change the flex direction to a column and immediately they're now they're on
top of each other, the logo and the UL.
So I'm just going to set a line items to send.
Yeah, we'll set a line items to center and let's set the, the.
I'm sorry.
Not a line items justify.
What did I have here?
So had now by our line item center OC justify content is space.
I guess we can just we don't have to do anything with that.
So forget that now the height I'm going to change to 120 pixels because it needs to be higher now because
obviously we have the logo on top of the links and then let's add some padding, say padding 20 pixels.
So that looks pretty good now.
These links are still pretty far apart on on smaller phones.
You know, these might kind of run into each other.
So let's change the padding on those.
So we'll say nav bar links.
I believe we have 1020.
So let's do 1010.
So now you can see the links are closer together.
We'll even lessen the margin.
So we had five pixels, we'll set three pixels.
So now they're closer together and should look fine on smaller phones.
So nav bar looks pretty good.
And I mean, you could always do like a hamburger menu or something, but this is just a pretty simple
solution that doesn't include any JavaScript.
Now this I'm going to keep this.
I mean, you could lessen the size of the the H two here if you want, but I think that looks pretty
good.
Now, the flex items, obviously, we want to change.
We want to stack these so flex items.
So it's already display flex.
We're just going to change the direction to a column.
All right.
So it's as easy as that.
So basically, if this is.
When it gets to 768, it just stacks on top of each other.
And you could do it different ways you could.
Instead of Display Flex, you could change it to Display BLOCK or something like that.
But I like just changing the direction.
Let's see.
Next, we have this.
So what's this?
Flex columns.
Yeah.
So flex columns for the actual column.
What we'll do is we'll set the flex value or the flex grow to 100% and also the max width to 100%.
So if we save that, you can see now these both stack on top of each other.
All right.
So that's one way to do it.
And we can even do that with the grid.
Let's see.
So these images right here have flex grid.
So I think we could just take flex grid and take the column there.
And that will yeah.
That will stack them on top of each other as well.
So if we make this bigger.
Yeah.
I mean, you could.
You could add another media query and have them in two for like 768.
You could have them in two rows.
And then on smaller screens stack them.
But I think that's fine.
We'll just we'll just leave it like that.
All right.
So what else do we have here?
Let's see.
This is good, because, remember, that's the the flex column.
This is good.
These are stacked because these are flex items.
However, I do want these images to be a little smaller.
So what we could do is take the team image and instead of 100% width, we could do, let's say 70% make
them a little smaller.
I think that looks a little neater.
Maybe we could even do that with the image.
I guess that's fine.
So this looks good.
Footer.
Footer, footers.
Fine.
I don't think we need to do anything there, so I think we're all set as far as media queries go.
So our site looks pretty good on small screens and we can test it out with the device toolbar as well.
So if we open up our chrome tools and hit this icon here, so that's an iPad.
Let's try iPhone X.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I think that looks pretty good.
Let's try Galaxy S5.
It's even smaller.
It still looks good.
iPhone 678 OC.
So our site's responsive now.
In the next video, we're going to create the blog page, which is pretty simple and also the single
blog post page.